Since you want to prioritize the bugs that affect most people,
you would fix the bugs related to Chrome first in this scenario.
Most of the sessions on the side are from
Chrome users as you can see in this browser report.
In the second scenario, it seems wise to first fix the iOS issue,
since many more sessions are from iOS users,
then from users of the Google Nexus phone as this device report shows.
Of course in reality,
there may be many more considerations that go into this prioritization.
For instance, how much effort will it take to fix each one of these bugs?
Nonetheless, understanding how many people are affected by these issues is very helpful.